README.md, before:

# FPS sandbox

This is a Godot playground, that I use to practice various concepts, related to the FPS (first-person shooter) development.

![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EvPlc4iWQAQA_JV?format=jpg&name=large)

For the moment, it covers following aspects:

- FPS controller
- Objects interaction
- Doors
- Simple enemy behaviour (guard, chase, shoot to player)
- Multiple weapons and switching between weapons (buttons, mouse wheel)
- Weapon sway effect
- Fire distance
- Bullets
- UI (crosshair, health bar, ammo counter, ammo type)
- Items pickup
- Camera switching (first person camera/third person camera)
- Healthbars for enemies

The project was built with Godot v.3.2.3. Tested on Windows 10.

## Assets copyrights

- Assets by [Kenney](https://kenney.nl)

## Contacts

Feel free to contact me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/iuriimednikov)

## License

The project is dual-licensed - it has separate terms for code and assets.

- Code: Copyright (2021) Yuri Mednikov (Iurii Mednikov). Released under terms of [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
- Assets: Copyright (2010-2021) Kenney. Released under terms of [CC1.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

Added active/default crosshair change

README.md, after:

# FPS sandbox

This is a Godot playground, that I use to practice various concepts, related to the FPS (first-person shooter) development.

![](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EvPlc4iWQAQA_JV?format=jpg&name=large)

For the moment, it covers following aspects:

- FPS controller
- Objects interaction
- Doors
- Destroyable lighting
- Simple enemy behaviour (guard, chase, shoot to player)
- Multiple weapons and switching between weapons (buttons, mouse wheel)
- Weapon sway effect
- Fire distance
- Bullets
- UI (crosshair, health bar, ammo counter, ammo type)
- Crosshair has 2 modes: active (if possible to shoot), default (if not possible to shoot or while reloading)
- Items pickup
- Camera switching (first person camera/third person camera)
- Healthbars for enemies

The project was built with Godot v.3.2.3. Tested on Windows 10.

## Assets copyrights

- Assets by [Kenney](https://kenney.nl)

## Contacts

Feel free to contact me on [twitter](https://www.twitter.com/iuriimednikov)

## License

The project is dual-licensed - it has separate terms for code and assets.

- Code: Copyright (2021) Yuri Mednikov (Iurii Mednikov). Released under terms of [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
- Assets: Copyright (2010-2021) Kenney. Released under terms of [CC1.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
